docs: update quickstart (#1066)
vtex/faststore: docs/docs/quickstart.md

> ### Step 3. Setting up environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3. Configuring your project settings
```

Open the `store.config.js` file using the code editor of your choice and set up the config to you store.

> 1. Change storeId to your account.
> 2. Add storeUrl and checkoutUrl for the production url of your store
> 3. Change pages in lighthouse config to track the performance of these pages over time
> 4. Change pages in cypress config to end-to-end test these pages before each release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Replace  the`storeId` value with the id of your account.
2. Replace the `storeUrl` and `checkoutUrl` values with the corresponding production URLs of your store.
3. Go to the `lighthouse.pages` property and add the paths of the pages you want to track performance over time.
4. Go to the `cypress.pages` property and add the paths of the pages you want to end-to-end test before each release.
```
